That thing is awfully small...
[gasp]
(SASUKE) I'd be hard-pressed to
even call it a Rasengan.
[grunts]
But the basics are-
Damn it!
Ah, I see! That is a difficult
situation...
But you're lucky you ran into
me, 'cause I have just the
thing...
You'll get exceptionally good
results, trust me.
With this ninja tool, you'll be
what every shinobi of your
generation wants to be!
Don't you agree?
[gasp]
If you have this...
...Fire Style, Wind Style, even
the Rasengan are at your
fingertips.
Now... Let's choose the ultimate
technique that's perfect for
you, young Lord!
Damn it...
I just can't get it to bend!
Rasengan!
Well? So?
Hmmm...
And you managed all that from
just one day of training, huh?
[chuckle] I'm not like my dad!
I've got serious skills, you
know!
It seems you are quite different
from Naruto.
Fine. You can be my student.
[chuckle]
[grunt]
You came all the way here just
to tell me that?
That's right. Your subordinate
will be under my care. We'll
need to submit a notification...
Hm. Thank you very much.
Hm...?
(KONOHAMARU) Boruto admires you
a lot...
...the exact opposite of how he
feels about his father.
He probably feels that Lord
Seventh doesn't acknowledge him
and treats him like a child...
and that's why Boruto's
rebelling against him.
I've never seen Boruto as
determined and focused as he's
been lately...
Hmph. Well, anyway... I leave
him in your hands.
You're wrong.
When it comes to raising a
child, I have no right to say
anything against anyone else.
But I will accept him as
my student.
Uh... Is something the
matter...?
I hear you've been really good
to Sarada.
Mm. [gasp]
[chuckle]
I wish the two of them would
just come to the front door for
a change, though...
[sipping] Ah.
Hey, Sensei...? Can you tell me
everything you know about my
dad?
Back when he was a kid, he just
went around saying he'd be
Hokage one day.
He was quite the loser.
A loser...?!
Yeah, and stubborn as hell, too.
No, not that!
What I wanna know is... like
what are my dad's weaknesses?
Weaknesses?
Yeah! Does he have any?
Oh, yeah; plenty. I don't have
enough fingers on my hands to
count them all.
Huh?
(SASUKE) Listen, he was full of
weaknesses. He was a
good-for-nothing.
Uhhh...
(SASUKE) But he pulled himself
up with his own strength and
became the Hokage.
What you need to know now isn't
the current Naruto, but the
Naruto who made it this far.
Mm.
What does that mean?
(KONOHAMARU) No-
No way!
Alright!
I'm not gonna lose to him, no
matter what.
[grunts]
Oh...!
[gasps] Huh?
Hey, guys! You're really
training hard, huh?
What's going on, Sarada? You
spying on us?
What're you talking about? I
don't do that kind of thing...
Wait, why? Is there a reason I
should be spying on you?
[growl] I will not stand for you
saying such things!
Yeah, that's right! We're all
out here training really hard!
We're not going to lose! To you
or to Boruto!
[chuckle]
Oh, yeah? You guys have gotten
pretty bold!
[cowering]
(SARADA) Well, I'm looking
forward to it.
Huh?!
I mean getting to battle all of
you! [chuckle] We're not gonna
lose either!
That sounds great!
Alright!
We'll be ready for ya.
[chattering]
As long as we're participating,
we should try to win!
[sipping]
B-But, uh...
That might mean that we're just
going to end up having to fight
against each other...
Well, I'm really looking
forward to it!
I just can't wait to fight
against everyone that we know!
We've all worked hard to get
where we are...
Boruto's fighting style centers
around close-quarter combat...
so it's best to use a
long-distance attack to inflict
damage and slow him down.
Against Sarad's Sharingan, it's
important to avoid looking into
her eyes...
The best move is to stay hidden
and then surprise her from her
blind side. As for Mitsuki...
Sumire...
Uh, do you think about stuff
like that all the time?
'Cause it's sorta scary...!
[nervous laugh]
[grunt]
Is that really all you've got?
Cho-Cho, take the lead this
time, and Inojin, you back her
up from behind.
Hey, what's up?! How come you're
acting so eager lately?
Oh? So you don't care if you
lose to Boruto's team, then?
I'm not down with that.
Come on. No one really wants to
see me lose my composer, do
they?
Ha! Alright then, quit
complaining and get moving!
Incoming!
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
[roars]
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
[determined grunt]
Yes!
[gasp]
And you were so close, too!
[straining groans]
[pained grunts and groans]
Alright, let's just call it
quits for today.
Damn it!
Honestly, you should've started
taking this more seriously
earlier.
This time, Gaara's genin will be
participating, too. YOu'll have
many rivals.
I know that Lord Gaara
is the Kazekage, but he's your
younger brother too, right...
Auntie Temari?
Yes, that's right. He's also
adopted a son.
I met the boy recently and
sensed extraordinary chakra in
him.
[worried gasps and groans]
He said that he's going to take
part in the Chunin Exams.
At this rate, you have no chance
against him.
[grunt]
[groan] Damn it!
I can't bend it at all! I can't
be wasting my time with this
kinda training!
I just have to bring down my
dad, no matter what it takes.
[sigh]
[grunt]
Amazing!
He's right, this Scientific
Ninja Tool's great! [chuckle]
[grunt]
It's finally time!
[grunt] Good luck! Do your best!
You're energetic this morning,
Mom.
Is it Dad coming home after such
a long time that's making you so
happy?
What?! No! Don't be silly! It's
silly how silly you're being!
Just give it up mom. I
can tell these things.
Uh...
Anyway, I'm outta here!
[chuckle] You're just as happy
he's back, Sarada.
[chuckle]
[chattering]
So, you convinced my
Dad, huh, Boruto?
Yeah! Of course!
Well, then...
What are you gonna do now that
you've become my Dad's student?
[chuckle] I'll learn all about
my dad's weaknesses.
What?!
[sigh and inhale]
Look, I don't mean to criticize
you or anything...
Mm?
But before you challenge the
Lord Hokage...
I think that we'd better become
chunin at least, ya get it?!
That's exactly why I wanna
train!
I wanna learn a lot from Uncle
Sasuke.
And then I can show it off
during the Chunin Exams...
...My power that's gonna topple
my dad someday!
You mean "our" power!
Seriously... what are you
thinking with all this?
What do you mean by that?!
It's obvious! I'm thinkin' we're
gonna come out on top at the
Chunin Exams.
[gasp]
I don't mean to sound overly
critical of you or anything...
But sometimes, you're not that
bad.
And please don't forget about
me, okay?
Hmmm?
(BORUTO) Mitsuki!
(MOMOSHIKI) This one's bad, too?
(KINSHIKI) So it seems.
Not a single one of Kaguya's
scrolls remain.
[growl]
(URASHIKI) Lord Momoshiki!
You're still here, huh?
How's the search for the Chakra
Fruit coming along?
It's been so long since we've
seen each other, and that's all
you have to say?
[annoyed grunt]
Okay. Yes, yes. Of course, I
checked into it.
(MOMOSHIKI) That's the region
Kaguya was in charge of?
I can't wait to get ahold of
that chakra...
Ah! Hey, wait a minute. You're
going already?!
[gasp] Hey!
I see that you're as unsociable
as ever... my dear Momo...
You mean the chakra of the
Divine Tree
was dispersed and has taken the
shape of nine monsters?
That's right. The people down
there call them the Tailed
Beasts.
And the ones who took these
Tailed beasts into their bodies
are known as Jinchuriki.
Hmmm... So... these "Jinchuriki"
possess chakra?
Correct! And not just possess
it. For some reason...
these Jinchuriki have tremendous
amounts of it.
Hmmm... So they keep Tailed
Beasts inside their bodies to
amass chakra.
The people here do
very strange things...
Right now, there are two
Jinchuriki...
...Eight Tails inside Killer Bee
and Nine Tails in Naruto.
These creatures... They may be
vulgar, but I do sense enormous
chakra.
(NARUTO) At the ruins connected
to Kaguya...
we're beginning to see more and
more movement of White Zetsu.
The two that Sasuke reported
about, the ones who seem to be
from the Otsutsuki Clan...
No matter how you slice it, they
seem to be connected to all
that.
Let me get this straight: to
resist some kind of threat...
Kaguya had the White Zetsu
prepared...
And now they're starting to
become active, which means...
...that the threat is getting
closer...
Hmmm...
Hm?
This one's a Jinchuriki?
He definitely possesses
tremendous chakra.
Just like the fellow with the
Rinnegan...
this one appears to have an
extraordinary amount of power,
too.
Yeah, that's right! I'm a
Jinchuriki! I have the power of
a hundred men, you see!
Killer Bee of the Eight Tails,
that's me! Ya feel me?
Haaa! Fool, ya fool! Awww,
yeah!
Hey, c'mon. Get serious. They
seem to be pretty nasty...
They're ignoring me? What? For
real?
He's quite irritating...
Now... I shall take you.
Huh?
[gasp]
Awww, yeah!
Ah...
The Tailed Beast..
Ahhh!
Huh?!
Imagine that...
To find what we seek in the form
of an unsightly beast.
Tailed Beast Bomb!
You mean you're still able to
move...?
[gasp]
That guy absorbed the Tailed
Beast Bomb so easily!
I was just about to go see
Naruto, but what an obstacle,
yo!
When it comes to Tailed Beasts,
I'm his mentor, ya know?
It's no time to be rapping!
Well, my, my...
I guess that we'll just have to
retrieve it one by one then.
What's that?!
Magnifying your jutsu as easy as
that is cheating! It looks like
my victory is fleeting...
I'll send it back twice as
strong.
Ahhh!
Well, that wasn't too hard...
If Kaguya had just produced a
Divine Tree in this region...
it would've spared us from
having to go through all this
trouble.
It seems that Kaguya developed
an attachment to someone on this
planet and betrayed us...
And even more than that... she
bore his children.
Huh!...
She disgraced our clan.
That must be why the chakra she
was supposed to provide us with
never came.
Yes.
Kaguya betrayed us and feared
our existence so much that she
even tried building living...
weapons to use against us.
But ultimately, she was stopped
by her very own children, who
sealed her away.
[chuckle]
Hmmm?
Then they saved me the trouble
of having to punish Kaguya
myself...
And for doing that, I do have to
commend the vulgar creatures...
(KINSHIKI) [chuckle] Yes...
Is that all you have?
Now, now... There's still
another Jinchuriki left.
Lord Momoshiki, there's an even
greater reverberation to the
east.
I believe the massive
accumulation of chakra we seek
is there.
[chuckle]
The Chunin Exams finally start
tomorrow. Are you all mentally
prepared?
Yes, sir!
We three swear to you that we'll
win... I promise you that we
will not dishonor your name...
Father.
Just try to relax a bit, Shinki.
[gasp]
You really shouldn't be focusing
on me right now... but on your
rivals from the other villages.
Other villages won't be a
problem.
[chuckle]
Never mind. In any case, make
sure to get plenty of rest on
the Thunder Train.
Yes, sir.
Take care of them.
I'll set out as soon as I've
completed my duties.
I should reach the Hidden Leaf
Village around the start of
Round Two.
Yeah, I got it. I'll make sure
to visit Temari when I arrive
there.
Yes...
Gaara!
[grunt] Wait, is that...
Shukaku?
It's been a while... You never
initiate contact...
[cackle] Which just goes to show
this is important!
My connection with the Eight
Tails was suddenly cut off.
Something is up.
And is it only with the Eight
Tails this is happening?
Yeah. I'm still connected with
Naruto and the others. But I
have a bad feeling about this...
I see...
So anyway, I warned you. How you
deal with is from here on is
up to you!
I'm grateful, my friend.
[cackle]
How's that, huh?
So you're able to bend it a
little bit now.
That's the next one.
Huh?
(SASUKE) And I want you to go
around the other target to hit
it.
What?! No way!
That's impossible. There's no
chance it can hit--!
Huh?
No fair! I mean, if I had that,
even I could've-!
That was just one example. There
are likely countless other ways.
Don't expect an immediate
answer.
Just try to use your own head a
little.
[grunt] Yeah, I know...
(KATASUKE) You will win for
sure... Young Lord!
Don't worry...
When you're in a bind, this
ninja tool will come to your
rescue.
There's no need to worry at all!
The Chunin Exams start
tomorrow...
And I swear I am not gonna lose!
(SHIKAMARU) Right here and
now...
you're all being given the rare
opportunity to battle against
ninja from other villages.
Remember to freely
demonstrate the fruits of your
training!
(SHINKI) Hmph! I wish I had the
chance to demonstrate my true
power...
(BORUTO) Hmph! Whoever I go up
against, no way am I gonna lose!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Rivals, Gather!"
(SHIKAMARU) We'll now begin the
Chunin Exams!